{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14540\viewh11720\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 QA Automation Engineer (Contract-to-Hire) \
Sertifi, Inc. - Chicago, IL 60654\
Sertifi is looking for an experienced QA automation engineer interested in improving the experience of a large-scale SaaS web application. You will work closely with QA, development, and product teams to bring automation in line with existing functional aspects of the test effort. You will be responsible for creation, execution and maintenance of automated scripts. In addition, the position is responsible for creating metrics and increasing test coverage using automated systems.\
\
Sertifi has been in production for over 10 years and has proven to be stable, secure, and beneficial to thousands of high-profile clients. We are looking for a talented and motivated individual to work in all aspects of the development cycle. Be a part of an environment where you can immediately contribute and see results of your work in use by millions of users across the globe.\
\
Requirements\
\
Experience \'96 A bachelor\'92s degree in Computer Science or related discipline. 2+ years of testing automation experience.\
Programming language proficiency \'96 Proficient with Python and familiar with C# or Java. Ability to create scripts beyond record and playback using specifically developed functions, adding control flow logic, and data structures. Solid understanding of web application design and debugging skills.\
Testing automation frameworks \'96 Demonstrated experience using testing frameworks and tools such as Robot Framework, Selenium, and SoapUI. Can select appropriate tools as new requirements come up.\
APIs \'96 You will need to be familiar with accessing data sources (Databases, Web Services, Program APIs) and can leverage other technologies for deeper, more stable, and faster testing process.\
Source control \'96 Experience utilizing distributed source control such as Git or Mercurial.\
Software quality \'96 Experience developing and executing end-to-end tests for complex systems.\
Ideal candidate\
We are looking for a self-starter who is capable writing advanced automated tests and can demonstrate accuracy, thoroughness and attention to detail. Candidates need to have solid testing and development background, with practical experience in test automation. Our current staff is small and thus you must be very self-sufficient. You must be able to fully understand the ins and outs of our application, how it works, and can pick up a book or online tutorial and teach yourself when something unknown comes your way.\
\
Location\
This candidate should be able to work out of our downtown Chicago office. We are conveniently located in River North close to public transit.\
\
What\'92s in it for you\
We offer way more than just the common benefits of a competitive salary and medical, dental and vision insurance:\
State of the art gear: We believe in providing you with the tools to do your job. This includes extremely fast development rigs, all the monitors you want, and latest development tools.\
Exposure to all parts of the company: We are a small group of talented individuals and everyone wears multiple hats. You are expected to get your hands dirty in all parts of the business not just develop one area of expertise. We want to make sure everyone is growing and learning. If not, what is the point?\
Commitment to learning: Sertifi is committed to the development and enrichment of all employees and facilitates ongoing learning opportunities. We believe you will learn more at Sertifi than most other companies.\
Catered lunches: Every Thursday we get lunch delivered to our office. This lets us all sit down and enjoy a meal together.\
Casual and flexible work environment: We don't adhere to rigid work schedules and flex hours that fit your lifestyle. We value a great work/life balance.\
Pre-tax Transit Benefit Program: Most of our employees take the train or bus to work every day so this is a nice perk to save you some cash every month\
Company outings: Whether it\'92s an impromptu happy hour or a competitive ping pong tournament, we like to get out and have fun together\
\
About the company\
Sertifi provides leading on-demand eSignature solutions that help organizations close deals faster. Trusted by leading customers around the world, Sertifi is the only closing solution of its kind that enables sales teams to quickly reach agreements with customers and execute the deals with electronic signatures and payments. Sertifi provides a fast-paced and exciting work environment, competitive salaries and excellent benefits.\
\
}